1. What is AngularJS?

AngularJS is a javascript framework used for crating single web page applications.
It allows you to use HTML as your template language and enables you to extend HTML
syntax to express your application's components clearly.

2.Explain what are the key features of AngularJS?

The key features of AngularJS are 

Scope
Controller
Model
View
Services
Data Binding
Directives
Filters
Testable

3.Explain what is scope in AngularJS?

Scope refers to the application model, it acts like glue between application controller
and the view. Scopes are arranged in hierarchical structures and impersonate the DOM
Structure of the application. It can watch expression and propogate events.

4. What is service in AngularJS ?
In AngularJS services are the singleton objects or functions that are used for carrying out 
specific tasks. It holds some business logic and these function can be called as controllers,
directive, filters and so on

5.Explain what is Angular Expresssion? Explain what is key differences between angular exp and
javascript expression?

Like javascript, Angualr expression are code snippet that are usually place in binding such as {{exp}}

The key difference between the javascript exp and AngualrJS exp 
  
    . Context  : In Angular, the expression are evalulated against a scope object,
                 while the javascript exp are evealuate against global window.
    . Forgiving : In Angular expression evaluation is forgiving to njull and undefined,
                  while in javascript undefined properties generates TypeError or referror
    . No control flow stamt: loops, conditions or exceptions cannot be usedin an angular exp
    
    . Filters : To format data before displaying it you can use filters.
  
  6.With options on page load how you can initalized a select box?
  You can initalize select box with options on page load by using ng-init directive
  
    <div ng-controller="app/dashboard/account" ng-switch
    ON ="!! accounts" ng-init="loadData()">
    
    
  7. Explain what are directies? Mention some of the most commonly used directives in AngularJS app?
  
  A directive is something that introduces new syntax, they are like markers on DOm
  element which attaches a special behavior to it. In any angularJS directives are most important
  components.
  Some of the commonly used directives are ng-model, ng-App,m ng-bind, ng-repeat, ng-show etc.

8.Mention what are the advantages of using AngularJS? 
  
  AngularJS has several adavntages in web development.
    
      AngularJS supports mvs pattern
      can do two way data binding using angularjs
      it has per defined form validations'
      it supports both client server communications
      it support annotations

9 Explain what AngularJS router does?
  
  AngularJS routes enable you to crate different URLS for different content in your application.
  DIffernet URLS for different contents enables use to bookmark URLS to specific content.
  Each such bookmarkable URL in AnguarlJS is called a router.
  
10 Explain what is databinding in AngularJS?
  Automatic synchronization of data between the model and view components is reffered as data binding in AngularJS.
  There are two ways for databinding.
  
    1.Data Mining in classical tempate systems
    2.Data binding in angular templates.

11. What makes AngularJS better?

  Registering Callback : There is no need to register callbacks. THis makes you code simple and easy to debug.
  
  Control HTML DOM programmatically : All the application that are created using Angular never have to mainpulate the 
  DOM although it can be done if it is required.
  
  Transfer data to and fromthe UI : AngularJS helps to eliminate almost all of the boiler plate like validationg the form,
  displaying validation errors, returning to an internal model and so on which occurs due to flow of marshalling data
  No initalization code : With AnguarlJS you can bootstrap you app easily services, which auto injected into yourr application
  in Fuice like dependency injection style.
  


  
  
                  


